Throw an error when using a Union or Interface as an argument type (#1222)
strawberry-graphql/strawberry: RELEASE.md

Release type: patch

> This release adds a new exception called `InvalidFieldArgument` which is raised when if a Union or Interface is used as an argument type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release adds a new exception called `InvalidFieldArgument` which is raised when a Union or Interface is used as an argument type.
```

Release type: patch

> This release adds a new exception called `InvalidArgument` and it will be raised when we use Union or Interface as an argument type

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This release adds a new exception called `InvalidFieldArgument` which is raised when if a Union or Interface is used as an argument type.
```

> For example this will raise an exception:
> ```python
> ￼import strawberry
> ￼
> @strawberry.type
> class Noun:
>     text: str
> 
> @strawberry.type
> class Verb:
>         text: str
> 
> Word = strawberry.union("Word", types=(Noun, Verb))
> 
> @strawberry.field
> def add_word(word: Word) -> bool:
>     _word = word
>     return True

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example this will raise an exception:

```python
import strawberry
￼
@strawberry.type
class Noun:
    text: str

@strawberry.type
class Verb:
    text: str

Word = strawberry.union("Word", types=(Noun, Verb))

@strawberry.field
def add_word(word: Word) -> bool:
	...
```

(fixed up some indentation issues)
